hey guys so before we get onto the last
day of school I just want to show you
some clips from graduation because my
brother graduated and so did one of our
friends it was also the first graduating
class of my school so I thought it would
just be something fun that I could show
you
especially since I'm graduating next
year crazy that my brother isn't gonna
be at my school in Warren that is
Callister cuz they've been there since
the start of the high school so I don't
know it's like a new step that's crazy
I'm actually the new oldest kid and
mining school so that's weird
so yeah I'll go ahead and show you those
clips and then we'll go right back to
the last day of skin looking at it like
she cried
I don't
I saw you shedding some tears max how do
you feel about down on graduating excuse
me sorry hey guys so today I am actually
about to go to school and it is the last
day of my junior year and so I just
thought it'd be fun to take you along
Eden's gonna show us how to tie tie
because I don't know how so what we do
is we flip the collar right people you
take the bulk Dan in the right hand in
the fit end and the left you leave the
bulky and not half linger between this
thing and any random spot on the time
that's not specific and if you're not
idiot like me it will come to your belt
buckle and you won't have to redo it
again there we go I do the chicken dance
I don't want to be a chicken and I want
to be a duck sauce - oh you guys are
twinning cute that actually really
stinks Susie's are very uncomfortable
hey Aidan singing over filming
alright I'll oppose it
alright we'll get your time all right
fine
geez Riley bows it that's pretty cool I
feel intimidated boom
so I want to take some poor eye pictures
from a pool or a ball today but I don't
actually um come say hello
you can't stand here guys ten over here
cuz the Lighting's better I'm so tired
from the beach so excited my family
whenever they saw a sign we said let's
go to the beach beach that's a new wave
wave wave what's it gonna say have a
drink drink have a lemonade as I keep it
PG for the little ones yeah sit here
yeah okay so the way to house system
works is people are split up into three
different houses we have a Washington
house we have a target sound we have a
Chesterton house those houses sort of
compete against each other in this
friendly competition kind of way for
whom for house points and in doing that
there's going to be a clear winner in
the end Washington house won it last
year we don't care about Tarsus
but in watching that I presented a
warden a right
so if Washington House wins again today
oh yeah if watching house wins again I
pass the trophy from my right hand to my
left hand because because I'm the leader
just what I do
get out of my frame no this is my
channel I think I'll start my own
YouTube channel and steal all your
viewers and then maybe I'll go side with
your rival vitamin company anyway can't
touch my toes I can't touch my toes
forward he's been your sewin athletic no
just lean over you
in every way Hey look I hit that pretty
home yeah
let me I don't see it I mean there you
go here's my comb you do this I do this
every single school year
I have all of our teachers and all of
the students sign their names and then I
give on to everyone which is really nice
I don't really like it um where am I
Here I am the bads one of two double
underlined
no it's it's quite fine thank you no
there are local earth-loving princess
max did you get on a list today you did
which one founders
[Music]
[Applause]
say they can retarget
this is the first year they've won
[Applause]
[Music]
all right three two one go all right no
contest that's all right you still have
a few inches on Riley the camera goes
away please
the cameras put down okay hey I know you
guys so right now sir is driving us to a
park nearby our school there we're going
to just have some fun games you're gonna
have a service project and we're gonna
eat sweet food which I'm excited for
because it's 10:46 and I still haven't
had breakfast okay guys we ran up to
back up to the school to check and see
if there's more food up here because
there isn't a ton of food at the park
yet and I'm eatin breakfast so while I'm
waiting I'm eating you spiders and
Sarah's checking the fridge and then
starting to pour rain so we'll see you
how this goes we finally got food this
is what I got
there's a lot of people are you laughing
at me no I find something John did to
you anyway I've got food here and a
salad and I feel kind of bad because
there wasn't a ton of food but I got a
little bit of everything so it's fine
I'm going to Ally
tell us what just happened
yeah so like I started feeling weird
after a like
okay no she she turned purple
she's like purple and legs and then
everyone would like no I don't like
doctors scarier when you were drinking
you were so timid she said how old am I
and I was and then we're freaking out so
scary and you're like totally back to
normal now but that was so creepy what
they were when they were doing your
heart I'm just like she needs to go home
I was like the fire trucks hater though
really called 911
Allie your face was as white as my shirt
your lip swatch color I've always been
the person helping and never the person
yeah moral of the story Allie what's
what are you gonna do all your minutes
Hannah's family and my family and that
family oh yeah that's true
we're all going to the beach tomorrow
morrow
and we share house so except we haven't
done it in like two years and we're so
excited fun how's the pizza it's good I
just went to the package to the post
office and now we are all headed home we
decided not to stay super long torso day
so we're on our way home and we are
going to get ready for the beach so I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
and go sleep
do stuff and click the subscribe button
if you're new and I'll see you in my
next video bye
[Music]